1. Meetings page, only display EBSA meetings.
Workshop to Facilitate the Description of Ecologically or Biologically Significant Marine Areas (EBSAs)

2. Reports are avaialbe only after meetings, sometimes takes after while.
3. Other workshops - those are static for the moment.
4. Brochures - static as well.
5. Training materials - static
6. Publications - Static.

/region-details/phonenix-islands

1. Home Page - Show all regions by default - DONE.
2. Home page, add link that leads to meetings page. - DONE.
2a. Remove random colors and add back the consistent styles. - DONE.
3. Country list should only show the countries that had meetings available in them. - DONE
4. Year list generated from first year of meetings going forward. - DONE
5. Footer links don't work. - DONE
6. Update breadcrumbs dynamically with current crumb.



I have done some major changes in the website, so I will send it to you right away via Dropbox.

The About section is complete with the new text, there's one missing link, I will contact Joseph about it to correct, but the rest is fine. Just when you finished to upload it, could you send it to him so he can review as soon as possible? -- DONE

I did not modify the Partners page, I am waiting for Joseph's new logos and texts. -- Awaiting

There is a minor change in the footer. I added the four links at the bottom, you will see it clearly, it a <p class="copyright"> tag, I have changed to a tag and I added 3 more. -- DONE

I also updated the Guidance in applying criteria, the article part.

I added the "more" link on the home page tables. -- DONE

And finally, (I am terribly sorry for that) I remove all the responsiveness of the website, I had to change all class of the div col-lg-* for col-xs-*. This is very major, I don't know how you want to proceed with that in the website. I send to you right away the entire the website, so you can have a overview, and later I will send you the precise changes I have made, as you asked me yesterday(for the home page, the resources and the footer).

I have to leave now, but you can email me, and I will be able to reply later today.

Thank you,

Merged Pages:
1. Resources
2. Footer
3. About
4. Index
5. Parners - untouched
6. Meetings
7. Header
8. EBSAs


A few quick comments, that hopefully shouldn't take too long to address:
--Also, on this page, please make a downloadable screenshot of the report referred to in the last line of the page -- DONE


--For a few of the pages, namely "Background on EBSA process", "Relevant Decisions of the Conference of the Parties to the CBD", and Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020 and Aichi Biodiversity Targets," there is lots of unused space because the text is relegated to the right.  It would be good to spread this text out and use this blank space under the photos. -- DONE

--Under "Workshop Report", we have the report of the North Pacific Regional EBSA workshop available.  It's located at http://www.cbd.int/doc/meetings/mar/ebsa-np-01/official/ebsa-np-01-04-en.pdf.  Please put this screenshot and link on the page -- DONE

--Also the search function doesn't work--Will this come later? -- DONE


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update timestamp: Match 28th, 2014

Now, some comments:
HOME page
--on the map, there is an odd vertical line going through some of the EBSAs in the South Pacific.  Can you remove this? -- WORKING

FOOTER
--the “ r” in Workshop reports and the “d” in Relevant COP decisions should be capitalized -- DONE

--when you click on the ABOUT link in the site map on the bottom, it brings you to the middle of the ABOUT page rather than the top -- DONE
--same with Resources and Partners -- DONE

--The wave pattern blends in to “Quick Links” and “Site Map” making it a bit hard to see—Can you move the wave up slightly and away from the text? -- SATYA

ABOUT
--Under Relevant Decisions of the Conference of the Parties to the CBD
  The font of the headers and sub-headers in the text are too similar—For example, the font and size of “Decision IX/20” and “EBSA Scientific Criteria” are so similar that it’s immediately clear that EBSA Scientific Criteria is a sub-section—Please distinguish the font size and type to make this clear -- SATYA

  also, the spacing of the text before and after the sub-headers are the same—so, its hard to see the organization of the page—For example, the space above “Encouraging Government to Adopt Management Measures” should be greater than the space below it so its clear that it is the title of the section that follows -- SATYA

--Under Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020, including the Aichi Biodiversity Targets
  remove all of the text on the Targets 1-20—But keep the Strategic Goals A, B, C, and D -- DONE